Program Description:
The program asks the user for the name of an input text file and an output text file. The input file will contain a list of commands, one per line. Each command will direct the program to create a stack or a queue, to push a value onto a stack or a queue, or to pop a value from a stack or a queue. (Most sources use the terms "enqueue" or "dequeue" for queues, but we will stick with "push" and "pop".) The file commands1.txt that exists in the current directory is a sample input file.

The input file must contain one command per line. To be valid, a command must follow a very specific format. The command must consist of two or three words, depending on the type of command, separated by single spaces. The line must have no leading or trailing whitespace before the first word or after the last word. For the purposes of this assignment, a "word" is defined to be a sequence of letters and digits, except for words representing values of integers or doubles, which might also contain a single negative sign, and/or, in the case of doubles, a single decimal point. All commands (i.e., lines in the text file) will end with a single Unix-style end-of-line character ('\n').

The first word of each command must either be "create", "push", or "pop" (all lowercase letters). The second word must be a valid name for a stack or a queue. The first character of every name must be either "i", "d", or "s" (all lowercase), standing for integer, double, or string; this represents the data type that is stored in the particular stack or queue. The rest of the name must consist of only letters and digits. Both uppercase and lowercase letters are allowed, and the program should be case sensitive.

If the first word is "create", there must be a third word that will be either "stack" or "queue" (all lowercase letters). This represents the type of list being created. No two lists may have the same name. However, two lists storing different data types (e.g., one list storing integers and another storing strings) may have the same name other than the first characters (in this case, 'i', and 's'). There cannot be a stack and a queue of the same data type that share the same name.

If the first word is "push", there must be a third word representing a value to be pushed onto the stack or queue. This value must match the appropriate type corresponding to the specified stack or queue, and fit into a single variable; if the value is a string, it must be a single word, as defined above (containing only letters and digits).

If the first word is "pop", there must not be a third word.

For the purposes of this assignment, you may assume that all commands in the input file will be valid! In other words, your program does not have to check that the lines in the text file represent valid commands; you may assume that this will be the case.

Your program should read and process the commands in the text file. After each command is read, your program should output the string "PROCESSING COMMAND: " followed by the text of the command and then a single Unix-style end-of-line character. There should be exactly one space after the ':' and before the text of the line. All output should be written to the specified output file.

If the command is a "create" command, and the name of the stack or queue that is specified has already been created (weather it was created as a stack or a queue), the program should output the string "ERROR: This name already exists!" using the same casing as is displayed here. If the name is new, the stack or queue should be created, and no additional output should be written.

If the command is a push command, and the specified name does not exist, the program should output the string "ERROR: This name does not exist!" using the same casing as is displayed here. If the stack or queue does exist, the push operation should be applied, and no additional output should be written.

If the command is a pop command, and the specified name does not exist, the program should output the string "ERROR: This name does not exist!" using the same casing as is displayed here. If the stack or queue does exist, but it is empty, the program should output the string "ERROR: This list is empty!" using the same casing as is displayed here. If the stack or queue does exist and is not empty, the pop operation should be applied, and the program should output "Value popped: ", using the same casing as is displayed here, followed by the value that is popped from the stack or queue. There should be exactly one space after the ':' and before the value. For this assignment, a "pop" is assumed to both remove and return a value from the stack or queue.
